---
layout: post
name: 'Big Blue (local)'
pic: 'temp.jpg'
time: '10:00 AM'
loc: 'The Pit'
game: ['Melee']
bracket: ['http://challonge.com/bigblue1','http://challonge.com/bigblue2']
---

Congrats to Dances with Pidgeons for putting his falco where his mouth is and taking home the prize.
Also congrats to Plus + Jewtwo for having the most kickass doubles team ever and surprising everyone by winning

<hr />

Welcome to UofT's first full day melee tournament!
Big blue will be the first pit tournament with pools, prizes, and more setups than ever before. 

**entrance fees:**

venue - $0

melee singles - $5

melee doubles - $0

Be on the lookout for cool pot bonuses!

**Approximate Schedule:**

10:00 am - setup starts

11:00 am - registration opens

12:15 pm - registration closes

12:30 pm - doubles bracket

2:30 - singles pools start 

6:00 - singles bracket 

Note: schedule may be pushed up if we finish stuff earlier, but we will leave plenty of time for friendlies

**GEAR: PLEASE BRING SETUPS!!!**

TVs (9), Setups (9)

**Food:**

College street to the south has several fast food locations, including burritos, subway, and the ever popular College Q. Spadina is also nearby.

**Ruleset:**

standard melee ruleset. Kongo jungle is not allowed for doubles. All sets 2/3 until top 8. PAUSE SHOULD BE OFF FOR ALL SETUPS

**Payouts:**

45% - 20% - 15% - 10% - 2x5%

**FAQ:**

 - +*Can I message/text if im going to be late*: yes but do try to be on time cause if you're not here when we start we will DQ you
 - +*How many to bracket?*: we will do top 32 bracket, amount of people out per pool will be decided on the day of
 - +*Can i bring friends*: Please do! This event is not restricted to UofT students. However try not to advertise in the Ontario Melee group because I don't want this getting too huge.

Come out and support the first ever large scale pit tournament! 
