---
layout: post
name: '2 Big 2 Blue (local)'
pic: 'temp.jpg'
time: '10:00 AM'
loc: 'The Pit'
game: ['Melee']
bracket: ['http://challonge.com/2b2b','http://challonge.com/2b2bdoubles']
---

Congratulations to MILK for winning 2 Big 2 Blue and cementing himself as the season's top player. Good job to Duck Chris for putting on a great tournament, as always. Shout-outs to Archaene for a great performance and showing how far he's come up the ranks. Finally, personal props to everyone N0z1ck played today for some truly great sets. Our community is noticeably improving with each passing event and I'm glad to be a part of it.

<hr />

It's time for the return of the falcon!  
Coming off a wildly successful melee league and fun weekly tournaments, Skule Smash Bros presents the second paid tournament in the Pit at UofT.

**How much?**  
Venue fee - $5  
Singles - $5  
Doubles - $2 per team

**Schedule**  
12 noon - Doubles begins  
1 o'clock - Singles Registration closes  
1:30 pm - Singles Pools start  
5-6 pm ish - Melee League crew battles  
7:30 pm - singles bracket

This event is open to everyone, not just UofT students. However, I will not be advertising it on the Melee Ontario page. For this reason, the event is private.  
Feel free to invite your friends!

There will be a hard cap at 64 singles entrants.  
Please bring setups! We need at least 12 tvs to run this tournament on time.

Also happening at this event: UofT Melee League top 5 crew battles! Crews will be single elimination, with characters locked in before the start. If someone on your top 5 cannot make it you can sub in people lower in the group.